#summary What's this project about?
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This project aims to implement an INDI server on Android.
For details about INDI click here: http://indilib.org/

= Details =

I'd like to control my telescope with my Android-devices, specifically with SkyMap. INDI is an open-source hardware-independent control protocol for astronomical hardware. To implement a server it first requires development of device-drivers, as well as communication-drivers.

The device-driver interfaces to the hardware itself via the com-driver.
The INDI-Server then interfaces with the device-driver and listens on a network-port for clients to connect. 

The clients (such as SkyMap or SkEye) then send INDI-commands to the server and the server sends them via the drivers to the hardware.

INDI-messages are xml-messages, the server only relays them to the drivers.
Xml-parsing itself must be done by the drivers.

It is also possible to send INDI-messages from apps directly to the drivers, but this way it isn't possible that more than one app/client at the same time can use the driver. Also it then isn't possible to remote control a telescope connected to an android-device via network. 

Simple protocol layout:

|| *Client* || SkyMap, SkEye, KStars etc. ||
||INDI XML-messages over tcp||
|| *[Server]* || relays messages to device drivers ||
||INDI XML-messages over methods/handlers ||
|| *[DeviceDrivers]* || translate xml-messages to device-specific commands ||
|| *[CommunicationDrivers]* || transport layer for specific interfaces ||
|| *Devices* || Telescopes, focusers, imagers etc. ||

There are some well-known clients already using INDI:

KStars
http://edu.kde.org/kstars/

SkyChart (a.k.a. Cartes Du Ciel)
http://www.stargazing.net/astropc/